this is a Harry Potter Edition collab
phone also known as the Oppo Reno 12f
and again right from the unboxing
experience it's pretty dramatically
customized so this thing starts with
this huge box including a wax sealed
envelope containing an invitation to
Hogwarts but it is for Mr Potter though
so not for me but then there's a whole
bunch of other accessories and other
things included with this phone which is
custom branded in this shimmery bronze
color with a silhouette of Hogwarts on
the glossy stripe down the middle
there's also a Harry Potter branded fast
charging brick and cable there's an
enormous Deathly Hallows themed SIM card
ejector tool there's a golden snitch in
the Box complete with flapping wings and
then it comes with a whole wand which
actually also has a stylus tip so you
can do some very specific screen off
gestures and it will open apps like the
camera or the flashlight or the
calculator which is kind of hilarious
plus of course there's built-in
wallpapers for each of the houses so
only thing missing I guess is maybe
sorting you into one of the houses